# Make crypto safe again

> **It's not magic, it's math**

## Introduction

IT Security is one of the most important concepts that exists and it seems that the mainstream web3 wallets forget this... ¿do you trust in your main wallet? ¿Trust-Wallet? Oh...

I created this mini-tool to generate your public and private key and derived address for use on any EVM-compatible network, completely offline and safe.

## Requirements

This tool **ONLY** works for Linux/MacOS systems.

Tested in:
- TailsOS 5.12
- Linux Mint 21
- Ubuntu 18.04.6 LTS

## Usage

**IMPORTANT: If you want to stay safe, just download this repository in your online computer, copy it to an USB memory and go to your offline environment.**

Clone or download it:
`git clone https://github.com/ivanmmurciaua/create-evm-address.git`

Navigate to the folder and execute the script:
`cd create-evm-address/`
&
`./create-evm-address`

That's all. Now, you have your EVM cold wallet.

You can use it for:
- Add your new and safe address in a watch-only service.
- Use it in a safe-vault concept: Use a not-safe wallet (generated by Metamask or other main wallet) to interact with web3 dapps and send your funds to your cold wallet.
- Use your wallet in hot mode: Copy your private key and import it in some wallet (see Extra section).

**No matter what, don't forget to save securely your private key.**

## Security

This script only runs the selected commands using `openssl` and a pre-compiled keccak256 lib to derive the address from the public key.

## Extra

If you want to use your new and safe address in web3 space, here are a couple of tips that you must consider:

- Use a privacy focused web3 wallet like Frame.sh.
- Read every single message that you're signing.
- Use privacy compliant RPCs like Flashbots: https://docs.flashbots.net/flashbots-protect/rpc/quick-start or select one in https://chainlist.org/ (without connecting your wallet).
- Be conscious of your movements.
- _DYOR_ always.

...

If you're wondering about signing transactions offline and broadcast to the network, I'll do my best to implement it soon.


_Happy hacking!_